I don't know what you think because I don't see it
as a change of version that now
Daniel Sancho is claiming that Ewin
Arrieta tried to rape him and that's why he
defended himself and ended up dead, the defense
should be fighting for
involuntary manslaughter, trying to remove
the premeditation, and that's what they're
doing, it's also like I say,
believe it, you just have to see
Daniel's profile and Edwin's profile, no. So
you're telling me a guy like
Edwin is going to try to sexually abuse
Daniel, there he's
hiding a guy who's awaiting
trial because he snuck into the taxi and
hit someone, he sent him to the hospital for 12 days.
Well, I find it hard to believe. No,
but anyway. Hey, everyone. That depends
on what the judge wants to believe. No, that
's not a change, no. I mean, now
maybe he said it, maybe more
crudely or whatever, but it seems to me that
at the beginning we were talking about how
he said that the other guy was
insisting on having sex with him
and that's when the fight started.  Because he didn't
want to in this case what happens is that
he says that he attacked him, he didn't try to
sexually assault him, it's not a fight but
rather an attempted assault and it's
self-defense.